Chenfeng, what's wrong with you?
Sitting here motionless
Nothing, just thinking about how to plan for the future
You see
Qianfang Capital
You have already registered.
Um, a billion.
Are you sure you want to use 1 billion?
Is it the registered capital of the company?
Quanyunchen does not have many companies
Take out a billion in cash flow?
This is called pattern investing in the future
Let others make money for me
Chen Feng, how do I feel?
You look more and more successful these days.
Fool people into a set of sets
Isn't this life all about one mouth?
Let's go take you to a place
You'll know where it went.
This is the oldest community in the UK
Why did you bring me here? Don't look down on me
The internet lady I'm looking for lives here
The Liu Group
We are not developing a movie from a foreign movie star.
Timely communication actor
Can IQ really compete with them?
Just them.
Do you know them?
Do not know
Well, how do you find people?
Listen to intuition
Intuitive hum
Stop the ink and go